{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18900\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Hey all :) \
\
So we added in the pool functionality. Pretty sure its working but we need to test it some more. With that, the entire functionality of choosing a ticket, choosing a corresponding pool, and purchasing a ticket should all be up and running. We are at the point now where we need some input from you to shape the front end of the site and create some content to put on a few of the pages. You can check out the site as it is here:\
\
http://grosh.co/lotteryroot/\
\

\b Things that still need to be determined:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Content for our tabs. I grabbed those tab titles from a few sites around the web. We can drop them and keep them as needed, but we need some content to put there. I can come up with some wording but figured I\'92d get your input first.\
{\listtext	\'95	}A domain. At some point we will need a domain that we will point the existing site to. Shouldn\'92t be extremely expensive.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The buying workflow. Right now its Select ticket -> select pool/quantity of tickets, -> purchase. We could edit that depending on the stuff below.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The lottery pool logic. Ive got some hairy questions that will drive the design for this portion of things.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Who can buy tickets? Anyone? Only Illinois residents? Only people currently in Illinois?\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}How do the pools work? Can I buy any type of ticket and enter it in to any pool? Or are there pools for each ticket (I.E., a mega millions pool, a powerball pool, etc)?\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}What tickets are we selling?\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Pricing (amount additional per ticket, will this be different for different tickets? We will change this if we want to take a percentage of the winnings)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Short descriptions for each ticket/pool would also freshen up the look of the page\
\
We are probably gonna want to talk to someone legal to get those questions answered.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Things we should probably include that are missing (this is pretty much Claudius and I\'92s task list, but we need some questions answered above before we can go full steam here)
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Choose your lotto numbers - we have the backend set up to include this, but its not on the frontend yet. From what I understand different tickets take different sets/amounts of numbers, so we might want to figure out what tickets we are selling first. We also may want to include some legal shit saying if the ticket is unavailable we are getting whatever the hell we can.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Email notifications. - This won\'92t take us long at all, we have both already done it before. What info do you want in this email? And what time should it go out?\
{\listtext	\'95	}Other payment methods? Paypal may have all of our basic shit covered but there are also a lot of other payment gateways we can use.\
{\listtext	\'95	}When we get all the logo squared away and shit we can fux with the overall design. If you guys have any huge changes you\'92d like to see tho lemme know.\
{\listtext	\'95	}We are also gonna have to strip away some of the stuff that came by default. We don\'92t need a lot of those links at the bottom, and there is a lot of functionality that isn\'92t really serving us either (adding an item to a wishlist, comparing items, etc)\
}